ON-SITE SEO AUDIT CHECKLIST

Titles are unique for each page?
Titles length is between 50 – 65 characters?
H1 Headings for title?
Description tag is between 150-160 characters?
Description tag is not keyword stuffed?
URLS are SEO friendly?
Use of H2 and H3 for subheadings
Small paragraphs and use of bold, italics
Is there a unique logo for the web site?
Is there a favicon?
Content on the web site is fresh?
Content length on post pages?
Internal linking – Do you link internal pages?
Internal linking – Use of anchor text (is it varied?)
Trying to rank for high competitive keywords?
Is there an ALT tag for all images?
Are image files names descriptive?
Image file size is optimized?
Blog comments have the ‘nofollow’ tag?
External links have the ‘nofollow’ tag (if not from trusted websites)?
Banner ads have the ‘nofollow’ tag?
Are pages with duplicate or no content, noindex and nofollow?
Too many ads above the fold?
Checked for invalid use of 301 and 302 redirects?
Site implements rel=canonical to identify the original content?
Site checked for broken links?
Page speed: Average time to load home page?
Page speed: Average time to load other pages?
Are most important pages linked to from home page?
Are most important pages linked to from Sidebar?
Is there a user sitemap (html) in the main menu?
Is there a ‘related posts’ section below each detail page?
Is there an author for all site pages?
Is there an About, Contact and Privacy policy page?
Is there a breadcrumb on all pages?
Is there a custom 404 page?


WEB SITE CONTROL CHECKLIST

Is the web site registered on Google Webmaster tools?
Is the web site registered on Bing Webmaster tools?
Checked robots.txt?
Is there a valid XML Sitemap?
Is the web site registered with Google Analytics?
SOCIAL MEDIA CHECKLIST
Social media buttons on all pages?
Is there a Facebook business page?
Is there a Pinterest business page?
Is there a twitter account?
Are social media profiles SEO optimized?
Facebook Like box?
Google+ Add to circles button?
Newsletter and RSS registration?



