CMS content management System.

-> wordpress create new page:
-> keyword in h1 tag.
-> title is in link.

youst plugin for adding meta description on the website. 
configer to go general.
-> under construction for new website( for live option A select). 
-> settings search engine visivility .

parmalink setting. 
use post name insteds of day and Name. 



-> 
 google search console.
sitemap xml add.
dns verification.

coverage sitemap

google index a site in fast time and index using by keyword and description.
site:google.com.
google sitemap indexing.


-> disallow some linnk and ignore them by robot.txt file.

robot.txt can be create by youst seo. 


we can remove unexpected and unused link and can tell google not to index that that page:
how can we do that? 

go to google search console and select learn more from legacy tool and reports. 
-> help robot.txt tester. 

disallow: page path URI afer a domain address. 
the need to test before uploading. 

give an uri address and gurbage and test. 

use as example as like: /aminul-home.
google addboots didnot follow the same it will observe the whole website by using adsbots. 


-> we can use this by 2 way.
1. copy this code
2. download this file 

go to c panel and file manager. 
-> public.html.
robot.txt.
edit button and edit. 
save change and go to goole console sitemap and submit then 
update google to submit. 

_> to chack the large website robots.txt we can use website.com/robots.txt

copy that and chack that on the wewbsite/link .

what is Right  way to  do this is 404 error and that page is disallow from the website. 
-> no index or desible that site. 


-> if gurbage is occurs then how can we remove that link? 
go to removes that appears on the index. 
click on the removes. 

add new request. 
we can remove by two way 
1.temporary remove and 
2.cache remove. 

if we select cache remove then it remove cache that is 1st time indexing . 

if clinet is require to remove only cache file from the site that has
 many usable information then we remove only the cache file from sitemap.

next request and submit and it will be pending at the request list. 


-> to temporary remove what i have to do? 

-> we have to wait for ranking after indexing. 
after ranking algorithm it will rank. 


