Main Work: google Index

optional main keyword:

google analytis
google index
google indexing.

-> optional keyword is important:
google search console
xml sitemap
robots.txt
technical seo






for xml sitemap: 
I will create optimize XML sitemap robots txt for website SEO
I will create optimize XML sitemap and robots txt for your website
I will do index your website and create sitemap xml,robot txt
I will fix any kind of robots txt and sitemap XML issues
I will can create professional XML and html sitemap for your website
I will fix google xml sitemap indexing for wordpress website seo
I will optimise your XML sitemap robots txt for website seo
I will fix google search console errors, indexing, robots txt, schema, xml sitemap

I will do wordpress yoast seo onpage optimization schema markup xml sitemap
I will setup google analytics tag manager, search console, XML sitemap, robots txt
I will create dynamic sitemap XML plus HTML

-> work on xml sitemap
	complete setup for website seo and easy ranking 100% satisfaction
	submission to all major search engine
	complete setup google search console
	optimmize xml sitemap and robots.text file. 
	index all search engine xml sitemap 
	fix robots txt and sitemap properly 
	google search console 
	indexing fix error issue schema markup
	porfessional xml sitemap for website seo.
	easy ranking on all major search engine google yeaho and bring
	xml sitemap indexing for wordpress website
 	google search console submission and setup. 
	setup google analytis and Webmaster tool
	wordpress yoast seo onpage optamization seo optimization
	google tag manager
	google search console and analytics setup 
	
	content optimization (heading, image and meta's & url)

     I will create the sitemap and add your URLs to the limit of 10k
	


operation:
	1.xml sitemap
	2.html sitemap
	3.image sitemap
	4.Robots.txt
	5.wordpress sitemap

	6.google indexing
	7.fix indexing issue
	8.schema markup 
     9.fix error 301,404,503

	10. indexing and crawling 
 

screenshot:
	1.url inspections
	2.xml siemap
	3.validation ppasses
	4.owenship verified

	5.add new sitemap

	6.sitemap index 

	7.google analytics 
	8.latest performance report. 
	9.site audit.
	10.page optimization score.

	11.google analytics tracker
	12.seo site chackup	


about gig:
-> description:

----> 1. Welcome to my Professional XML Sitemap and Robots.txt service.

I'll create Professional Manual XML Sitemap, Robots.txt for your website that can be submitted to all major search engines
 like Google, Bing and Yandex to help them crawl your website better
 and boost site ranking. XML sitemap communicates directly with the search engines, alerting them for new or changed content

I will Create or Fix:
1. Sitemap for
WordPress, Shopify, Magento, PHP or any other CMS
HTML Sitemap
Image & Video Sitemap
Unlimited Pages (Gig Extra)
Excel to Sitemap
2. Robots.txt
3. Search Engine Web Master Tool Submission 
Sitemap and It's Importance for SEO
Sitemaps enable webmasters to quickly and easily notify search engines about all the pages on your site.
 XML Sitemap file lists all URLs of site which search engines can use to discover pages that their search bots may
 have otherwise missed during regular crawling. This ensures they index & rank quickly.

Robots.txt

The robots. txt file is a text file that tells web robots or search engines which pages on your site to crawl 
and which not to crawl.

Why Me?

Fast Delivery
100% Client Satisfaction

Please contact prior to order for discussion.


Compare Packages:
		Index optimization
		Xml sitemap
		Robots.txt
		Delivery Time



---> 2.Hi, 

I will create optimize XML Sitemap and Robots.txt file for your website that improves your SEO and helps
 you to rank across all major search engines like Google, Bing, and Yahoo. 


Why Do You Need This Gig?

Sitemap.xml and Robots.txt are essential files that can help search engines better understand
 your particular website and index it correctly.



---> 3. Hi, Welcome to my gig indexing google search console SEO setup sitemap and creating Robot.txt, search console error,
 backlink indexing, google ranking, webmaster tools, SEO, keyword research, increase traffic, search console, technical.
I will index & XML sitemap setup-submit your website on all search engines-GOOGLE, BING, YANDEX from WordPress.

I use the Yoast SEO plugin, it is very important to configure and optimize your website.

 I'm sure you're happy. Refer your site to all search engines.
Add the username of your website to Bing of your choice.

List of your Yandex site with authentication.

Index technical SEO by WordPress
indexing all search engines
Submit your sitemap to the search engine.
Register your website within 24 hours. All links from Google are secure and clear.
Fix the sitemap error.
Google admin bug fix.
You will receive a screenshot.
Search Engine Optimization Skills:
 robots.txt file
View WP Admin Panel
Download Google Analytics Tools
Find unit settings
XML sitemap submit
Create XML Sitemaps for Google
social media logo connection
google my business listing
fast, SEO, indexing, backlink,
Client satisfaction is my wish. I hope you will be successful.

thanks



---> 4. Hello Dear,

Are you finding a proper solution for robots.txt & sitemap.xml? If yes, you're are in the right place.

I'll fix all kinds of issues & do setup also - robots.txt and sitemap.xml file for your website.

What services you'll get:

1. Robots.txt 

file creation[error free version creation if already have any kind of error in the robots.txt]
setup new file
submission to Google Search Console, Bing+ Yahoo Webmaster Tool
2. Sitemap.xml

file creation [error free version creation if already have any kind of error in the existing file]
setup new file
submission to Google Search Console, Bing+ Yahoo Webmaster Tool

For WordPress Website:

 - I always recommend doing the manual setup for robots.txt and sitemap.xml file. But if you want to do it via any 
specific plugin like - 'Yoast' or 'All in One SEO' plugins. I can do it also.

Do you've any question? Please feel free to contact me to ask this. 

Yes, you can discuss with me about the issue before ordering.





---> 5.|==> Are you facing various errors in Google Search Console? Don't worry about that!

Sometimes Google Search Console (previously known as Google Webmaster Tool) shows various errors in your property. You can't ignore these errors. Because these errors can stop your site from being indexed and may cause to rank down your site from SERP. As a result, you will lead to loss site traffic.


The issues I will fix:

Indexing Issue
Robots.txt Issue
Overwrite XML Sitemap
Schema Markup Errors
Breadcrumb Errors
Redirect Errors (3xx Errors)
404 Errors (Page Not Found)
Soft Errors 404
Cached Clear
Service Unavailable (503 Error)
No-Indexing Issues
Blocked URL by Robots.txt

Other Services (Specially for New Site):

Google Indexing (Setup Google Search Console)
Create Robots.txt
Create XML Sitemap
Schema Markup (Structured Data)
Setup Google Analytics
Yoast SEO Implement


Note: If you need more information, please check my -- FAQ -- and then contact me. I will respond ASAP.


Thanks & Regards




->> Welcome to Optimise XML Sitemap N Robots.txt Practice For Website SEO

 Boost your SEO ranking across all major search engines Google, Yahoo and Bing with ease.

Why Do I need this gig ?

Because XML sitemap and robots.txt are absolute essential parts of any website regardless of the site platforms.
 It is the communication medium between your site and search engines so its ‘'MUST HAVE’ Properties for Website SEO.

We offer following;

Image Sitemap (If you have many product/images on site)
Multi-language with Hreflang tags
Video Sitemap (If you have videos site)
HTML Sitemap
Robots.txt

Now check what platforms your site is built on, we work with almost all site platforms,
 however there are few that requires compatibility check.

Platforms Compatible For Manual XML Sitemap;

Wordpress
Web-flow
Opencart
Apache Server & more...




----> Hi there!



Are you looking for someone who will fix google XML sitemap indexing or any other Google Search Console
 errors on your wordpress website?

If yes, you'll surely need my expertise, since I have been working with so many websites of mine and my local 
clients since many years ago. Working with a website, google search console's error is a common thing,
 and every time I need to solve any error accurately, it must be needed to get ranked on google for any website.

I am a Technical SEO Expert and have over 4+ years of working experience.
 So without any hesitation, you can hire me and let's solve your problem within a short period.

By This Gig, I Will Provide You with The Following Services:

Google Search Console Setup & Submission
URL Inspection - "URL is not on google" problem fix
100% URL Google indexing
Make website indexed
Fix sitemap's all errors
Fix Sitemap warnings
Fix 404, Soft 404 errors
Fix "sitemap couldn't fetch" problem
Fix coverage errors
Fix Robots.txt errors
Fix Crawl Errors
Disavow Bad Backlinks


Looking forward to working with you!



----------ORDER NOW----------




---> 8 Hey, Welcome to my gig.



So you have a business website or a blog but don't know how to configure it with Google Analytics and Webmaster 
Tools or having trouble with submitting XML Sitemap and Robots.txt then you have found the right guy :)

With my 5+ years of experience, I can create professional sitemap XML and Robots txt file in your website's 
root folder by best SEO practice So, the search engine can send its crawlers and get the database of your ecommerce website or store.

Technical SEO Services that I'm providing in this gig:

Page Speed Optimization
Google Analytics Configuration and Installation
Google Search Console Configuration and Installation
Webmaster Tools
XML Sitemap Creation and Submission
Fixing Robots.txt or creating a new one
Schema Markup (JSON-LD)
Fix Error 404 page not found
301 Redirections
Fix SEO and search console issues
WordPress Yoast Plugin
Google Friendly URLs
Pages or Products indexing
Rank Math
Onpage SEO
OffPage Optimization

I provide Google Analytics & Webmaster Tools for these platforms:

WordPress Website
Shopify Store
Wix
Joomla
Squarespace
Magento
E-commerce Sites

Kindly contact me before placing your order.


---> 




-> on-page seo


Welcome…!

To boost your search engine exposure, we are offering professional wordpress yoast seo & technical
 onpage optimization with White hat onpage optimization approaches that will surely rank your
 website at the top of Google Search results.  

We will do advanced Keyword Research and fix Robot.txt, XML Sitemap and Schema markup professionally for
 your wordpress or eCommerce site using premium yoast seo plugin to boost search engine visibility.

Our yoast seo onpage optimization Services Includes:

Installation & configure WordPress Yoast plugin.
Comprehensive Keyword Research
URL/Permalink Optimization
Title Optimization
Content Optimization
Heading tags (H₁, H₂, and H₃) optimization.
Image alt tag Optimization
Meta tag, Meta Description
Internal, External Linking
Robot.txt Optimization
XML Sitemap & Schema Markup
404 Error (fixed by Redirection) 
Final Audit Report


Why Choose us:

Initial (short) audit Report Free.
Professional Team Service
100% Satisfaction 
Unlimited Revision
24/7 Availability


***We Will do Everything to Make Our Customer Super Happy ***

Lets Join...! & Grow Together...!

Thank You :)





9---> If your site is new or existing and you are facing the problem to set up Google Analytics or 
Google Search Console ( Webmaster tools )then not worry about it.
 You are on the right GIG.

Google Analytics & Google Search Console ( Webmaster tools ) is the best and advanced tool for analyzing and
 monitoring of your traffic and fixing the error of your site.

What You get with This GIG:

Setting up google analytics & Search Console
Verifying Google, Bing and Yandex webmaster tools
Generating an XML Sitemap and submitting Webmaster tools
Generate Robots.txt
Tag Manager Install

Why you Select Me?
100% customer satisfaction 
After-Sale service & maintenance  
24*7 available 

I need the following things to get started:

Your Website Admin/cPanel/ Login Details
Your Gmail Account ID

Ask any question if you have, I will surely assist you with my best knowledge.


---> 
Hello. I'm Zohaib. Thanks for looking at this gig!



I have over 10 years of experience working with all sorts of IT and web technologies (such as HTML, CSS, Javascript, PHP, Apache servers, WordPress, etc.), and will use my expertise to quickly diagnose the root cause of any problem and fix it.



What is a Sitemap?

Sitemaps are an easy way for webmasters to inform search engines about pages on their sites that are available for crawling.
 In its simplest form, a Sitemap is an XML file that lists URLs of sites along with additional metadata about each URL.

SEO Benefits of using an XML Sitemap

Your sitemap can list all URLs from your site. This could include pages that aren't otherwise discoverable by the search engines. 
This allows search engines to order the crawling of their website based on priority information.
 You can also use Sitemap for RSS submission and Pinging purposes.

Types of Sitemaps

Image & Video Sitemap
Multi-language Sitemap
HTML Sitemap
Robots.txt
The sitemap for Unlimited Pages (Gig extras)


Platforms We Work With

WordPress
Web-flow
Magento
Shopify
WIX
Weebly
Squarespace
Opencart
Apache Server & more...


